Does not disappoint.For anyone else like me, who wants a good CPU to game with and an excellent space heater, this is it.The exact model of Threadripper should vary based on your budget and the size of the room you are heating, but any Threadripper can effectively apply a stupid number of physical and virtual cores to any task as well as generating enough heat to burn eggs.
Just want to buy Asrock Taichi and put in 4 GPUS. Recomeend.
What can you say its Awesome for Adobe and Other App's. I do not have any problems play game's
The Processor was defective (never fired it up... black screen all times) and it takes a lot of time to discover it (like 6 months to be sure of it. You think first about the MEM compatibility , then after the PSU, and maybe the Motherboard, but the last thing you want to think about is : "maybe it's the CPU?" Well, IT HAPPENS!! it's the 2nd time in my life ( 40 years exp) that I've seen that!The AMD team was very efficient to change the item ASAP ( after verification of the Serial#)Congrats!For the miners : XMR ... disappointing!Buy instead the X3970 it's fabulous at XMR ( 14000/20000 H/S)!D.
I wish I would have went with the ryzen 9.
First and foremost I am not a child who bought a TR chip for gaming. I was using the intel X99 platform, specifically the 6900k for a couple years for work and some play after work. I have owned dozens of computers over the past decade (mostly intel up until Ryzen). I still currently own 2nd & 3rd gen Ryzen 7's as well as 6,8&9th gen intel i7's.If you have a way to use all of the TR cores in a specific work load then its perfect. But its a bit of a 1 trick pony. It is not the one size fits all package that a more seasoned intel processor will bring you on a monolith design. Im currently using a 7980XE and hands down it is the best CPU i have ever used. It not only slays in work but also plays games like a champ. All this is done with out having to go into Ryzen master and changing the settings and restarting the computer and getting back to work. The fact that this CPU came out in 2017 and is this for so long is just hands down more impressive to me. Sure people will argue that its a much more expensive chip. But That really isnt the case when its amortized over the ownership it doesnt end up being that bad. Not to mention that imrunning at 4.7ghz on more than half of the cores. Sorry AMD fanboys, it just isn't the complete package. Its a good product but compared to its competition i cant say i would recommend it over other offerings.
great product, but its a little scary installing it.
I enabled PBO and observed the CPU's behavior in HW monitor with great interest. All 16 cores will boost to 4.4 GHz individually, and all together have boosted to 4.24 GHz. That was not commonly happening when this CPU was first released and reviewed, and I wonder if this one is just better, or if all the more recently built ones are better silicon overall.I noticed that under a moderate load, the temps hold at about 51 degrees, and under a heavy boost, temps go into the low 60s before the fans spool up and drive them back into the 50s. That's impressive considering I am using a round AIO cooler that doesn't even cover the entire IHS. Looking at the PBO constraints, I find that the limiting factor thus far is not temperature at all but voltage. This makes me wonder if I can undervolt and obtain the 200MHz offset for 4.6 GHz.Not that this really matters, its just a fun and interesting thing to check out. What does matter is that I came from a 1900X, and I am kind of shocked by the difference. Dota2 saw a 22% increase in FPS, and I'm not exactly sure why. Other games it made no difference. I think some games suffered from the first gen TR scheduling, though the 1900X certainly did far better in games than I expected.Interacting with gigantic folders of images in windows is completely different with double the cores. 32 threads is more than enough most of the time for me. I checked. Even with my "leave everything up when I take a brake to game" use case, I still found that 4 to 6 of the 32 threads weren't being used. On the other hand, when you do a batch file conversion, its pretty cool that programs use all available resources.I'm glad I was able to get one of these before they disappear. I have an enormous amount of storage with the x399 NVME setup and I don't really feel like building a new system yet. This is a nice stopgap, though I wish the 3960X was a 16 core that fit in X399.I'm not sure that anyone should get this, except if you currently have a 1900x or 1920x, or if you can find a great deal on all the hardware and absolutely need the I/O. Otherwise X570 with 3950X is the way to go.
I'm not sure why this CPU is dropping in price and playing second fiddle to the new Ryzen 3700's because this thing is a MONSTER.The only issues I have are that some of my programs are not multi-core designed so in my older version of After Effects, it's like I'm running a Celeron or something.But that's not this CPU's fault.It's has way more power than what you need for gaming.But I use it for video editing.When I started editing videos back in the Pentium 4 days, it would take 2-4 X's the length of the video to encode an SD video to a DVD.So a 1 hour video would take between 2-4 hours.This CPU takes a 1 hour SD video and spits it out in the same DVD format in a little over 5 minutes (CPU usage is usually only 60% during this process).My 2011 Quad Core W/ HT i7 will take 30 minutes for the same process. I know that is an extreme example, but it is consistent (an old P4 will never have messed with HD or 4K, so we're keeping things consistent).And since the CPU is only using 60% while it's encoding, I no longer have to leave the computer overnight to do its thing.Rather, I can put one video on encode and then pull up another one and do some editing and it doesn't slow things down AT ALL!!!I'm telling you, if you do heaving multitasking and video editing, you NEED this CPU.For the $$$, it is the BEST performance you will find.Obviously don't sink this thing with dumb crap like too little RAM or with anything less than an NVMe drive.And make sure you use a proper GPU.And BTW, I have not O/C'd this chip.It's totally stock with a Noctua fan on it.This fan is the best option as others have tested water on it and it doesn't seem to be right for this chip.Find the Noctua cooler/fan combo that fits this chip.It has a large enough base for the girth this chip brings to your bed.
Simply everything I hoped it would be. Powerful and fast. Adobe Photoshop runs insanely fast and smooth as butter. Games are seamless.Love it.
