Works ok
Powerful processor. Have it clocked at 4525Mhz and is doing well. Max temp 71 degrees Celsius.
A great gaming processor. Go Team Red!
Great CPU but don't plan getting far cry 6 when you buy it. Had to talk to customer service and they don't see the promotion and they pretend they don't see it when it is on their site. They promise to give you a code but never end up giving one to you.
I was skeptical about buying CPUs from other competitors like NewEgg, but Amazondelivered, the processor works great without any issues. The base clock is around 3.7-8 GHz and youover clock it to get to higher base clock frequencies. I was able to increase mine to 4.12 GHz base frequency, but could probably go higher.If you are debating between this and the 3900X, don't get this. The extra .1 GHz gain in max OC frequency is not worth it.
Product is good guys, I purchsed it on November 5th when new Ryzen products came out which was my goal to upgrade from my Ryzen 3700x to 5900x but they sold out within minutes I do not know if Amazon even had a launch. I mainly got meryzen 3900xt for a place holder until I get 5900x maim reason is because I am doing a build for my cousin with my previous ryzen 3700x. Really hope they get more stock on the 5000 series cpu.
I put it in and my pc didn’t boot. My entire system takes about 400w and my power supply is 850w. I tried with my ryzen 3 after I put the ryzen 9 in, and then my pc booted up. Motherboard is a b450 tomahawk max which is made for 3000series. So idek what’s going on but I would recommend buying it from somewhere other than amazon.
I was a little worried going from a top-of-the-line AM3 8 core processor overclocked to nearly 5GHz. But holy cow this thing is fast. The 12 cores each have two threads, so you really have 24 CPUs that you can run 12 at a time -- sort of. The boost tech seems to work great.Get a water cooler. From what I understand, the Tdie measurement is a spot measurement from the chip that reflects the highest-reading temp at that moment. So it will run hotter than the socket temperature (65C on the die vs 42C on the socket, for example). I first installed and had a gap in my heat sink compound and it was running successfully at 80C on the socket but would eventually shut itself down.Good value. Will probably get cheaper soon as new chips appear. But this is bloody fast enough for most purposes.
Does everything and does it fast.
The processor is nothing special
