I've been rocking an old i5 4670k for the past several years. It has served me well for most of that time, but only having 4 cores finally caught up to me when trying to stream games like Sea of Thieves. The CPU could handle the game well enough on its own, but trying to run SoT, OBS, Discord, and FaceRig all at once? Nope, the poor thing was maxed out at 100% utilization and both my game and stream were dropping frames left and right even when using NVENC on my GPU to encode the stream video.So I bought this i7, overclocked it to 4.5GHz like my old CPU, and next time I streamed I had no trouble at all keeping 60FPS even during intense ship battles and large skeleton fights. Though the 4790k still only has 4 physical cores like the i5, the 8 virtual cores provided via hyperthreading made all the difference for juggling the intense workload incurred by streaming and keeping everything running smoothly. I highly recommend this chip if you're looking to breathe some new life into an aging system.
Stock heatsync was misaligned but I dont care because who uses the stock heat syncs anyway.....noobs thats who. Water cooling all the way :)
I started with an i5 cpu 4 core, and this is a visible and noticeable upgrade from that! I can now run nearly all my games at far better qualities than just minimums since upgrading to this and have far better framerates overall. You'll still need to upgrade any Graphics cards if yours is out of date, but for gaming, home, and streaming uses (like netflix or YouTube or even VR), this card works great!Pricey, for sure. And definitely not something for budget setups. But it definitely helps and has a visible difference. Personally, I'd say it's a good deal if it goes under $260, and to not pay anything over $360, but otherwise, it's a great CPU that's a definitive upgrade for any system!
I have a mobo that is several years old: ASUS Maximus VI Hero. It's a Z87 chipset Republic of Gamers (ROG) platform. I had previously upgraded to the highest 1150 Intel i5 CPU, the i5-4670K. With a 1603 BIOS update, the mobo became eligible for the i7 CPU line without changing any hardware. So I opted to upgrade to the i7-4790K CPU.(Note: If you're replacing a CPU, make sure you clean the CPU contact side of your existing CPU cooler. Wipe away the thermal paste with a lint-free cloth, followed by a thorough scrub with alcohol. When completely dry, apply new thermal paste to the top of the CPU using the DOT technique -- look it up if you don't know what it is.)I chose this path mainly due to the many 5-Star customer reviews of this product and, since I'm getting along in years, I didn't want to replace my mobo and CPU.Folks, the i7-4790K is the real deal. It lives up to the years of hype and positive comments. Sure, the technology is a few years old, but from what I've read about newer CPUs from both AMD and Intel, I believe it when other PC enthusiasts claim the i7-4790K can hold its own against them.I won't get into the technical babble about this CPU, because I don't care. It is simply on fire (figuratively speaking), outperforming the previous CPU by leaps and bounds. If you purchase the i7-4790K, make sure you have an excellent CPU heatsink (I have never used a stock one for obvious reasons).I also installed a new EVGA RTX 2060 Super video card in the same upgrade.I mostly play Skyrim Special Edition with many heavy texture mods. Believe me when I say this game has never looked so great with my new upgrade. I'm entirely happy with my purchase. This might be the last PC upgrade for me.I know there will be naysayers with negative opinions about my upgrade. Please keep them to yourself and worry about your own rig.My rig:Antec Twelve Hundred Full Tower Case (3 intake fans & 4 exhaust fans)Corsair 1,000 Watt Modular Power SupplyG.Skill 32 GB PC-1600 Memory (set to 1600 in BIOS with 9-9-9-24 timings)Thermaltake Dual Fan CPU Cooler (this is a beast; can't use Ripjaws or other tall memory sticks)ASUS Maximus VI Hero MotherboardIntel i7-4790K 4.0 GHz CPU (mobo auto OC to 4.4GHz)EVGA RTX 2060 Super XC Ultra 8 GB GDDR6 Video Card (factory OC)I'm a happy camper!
I sent in the order and got it in a couple of days. Easy peasy.
What overheating issue...... I've read a lot of reviews about overheating issues with this chip, I've experienced none of them. Now, I would NOT recommend using the heat sink that is supplied with the cpu. Maybe that's the issue many people were having.I have a pretty basic setup that I use for work and education. I'm have an IN-WIN slim formfactor m-ATX chassis, Asus mobo, and a Samsung SSD. I replaced the exhaust fan that came with the chassis for an 80mm Noctua and I'm using the Noctua NH-L9x65, 65mm Premium Low-Profile CPU Cooler. CPU hasn't gone above 89 degrees.I have two of these boxes, one for my VMware lab and the other for my Cisco network lab. Not one issue. I would suggest to those people having heat issues to look for better cooling/chassis options.Asus mobo B85M-G32GB RAMSamsung pro 512GB SSD
A must for any "Z" board. Have a few non 'K" too.Not really the latest and greatest now that 1151 has come into the picture. Still does a good job.
Was good for gaming but came overclocked out of the box so it ran a bit hot. I fixed that though.Not sure if it was worth the extra 100$ over the i5 4690k since they both had similar performance but I wanted to "future proof" so I just sided with the i7.
Bought it new, easy to install for upgrading my pc, runs great so far!
Not what it appears to be.
