This is an excellent CPU, and I even game with it. I still think it could be about $1000, but I do love all the pcie lanes.
Super crunchy but hurt my teeth. Ended up putting it in my computer with the rest of the food that arrived.
A bit pricy, but at the end of the day, you get what you pay for.It is hot.I use an EVGA 360mm cooler.Which keeps it between 45 and 50C at idle, but under 100% all core stress, the temp limit of 95C is hit.Not sure if that's because there is not enough capacity in the cooler, or the paste isn't sufficient, or the heat sink isn't a good match for the size of the CPU.Not a fault of AMD, but something to consider when purchasing.
I wrote this review as sort of a update to another artist review. I am also a 3D artist, more specifically a character modeler. Maya is central to my workflow so I was sadden when I saw a review about how this CPU is a good BUT not optimized for maya. I'm not here to discredit that person, in fact, I'm adding on to his review. While it may be true that unfold3D processing error was an issue in the past, it has been resolved with a maya2020.2 patch and there is a way to fix it in maya 2019 (what I use). I also would probably suggest an intel processor if don't want any weird processor related maya errors but if you can't pass up this beast of a processor then I'm happy to tell you that it can work.
Using this chip in an all-purpose rig: software development, gaming, virtualization, ...and this chip handles all of it without breaking a sweat.Relatively great value compared to the i9-10980XE when taking the motherboard, CPU, RAM, and cooler into account.
Got for a protools setup, and works amazingly!!! Replaced intel 5960x that was pegged at 100% Now running at 30% normal load 60% peak load at full tilt 40 channels 8 bus tons of waves plugins.Overclocked 4.2 ghz and running 33° C at idle OMG!!!
Comes with al nessesary install tools.
This processor is in short freakin awesome. I do a lot of video and photo processing and this has changed my life. What used to take hours now takes minutes. Bye bye intel hello AMD thank you.
I have this CPU on the MSI TRX40 Creator board and could not be more pleased. I run linux Mint 20 and it is insanely fast and stable. My long term plan is to wait for the price of the 3990x to come down and upgrade to that. My first AMD chip was the 386dx40, I doubt this one will be my last.
Insane. More than I’ll ever need. Love the way they have you insert these CPUs. Little chance of bending pins. I run mine at 1/2 max clock speed when I’m not gaming because there is just no need to use the electricity when you are running Word. Lol Sill, @ 2GHz it’s amazing.
