Wayfurb was a great seller . Contacted seller and they responded quickly . Product came with no issues . Use wayfurb , great stuff
Your browser does not support HTML5 video. I have this paired with an MSI Tomahawk z490 MB and a Corsair H150 cooler and I've been running stable at 5.1 ghz overclock for over a week without a single hiccup.
Me parece que estamos ante un procesador, barato y con mucho potencial. Creo que es uno de los candidatos para poder correr todos los juegos del 2020.
10600k is a great processor as anyone who has researched them knows. With my custom water cooling loop, and a z490 motherboard I’m running 5.1Ghz overclock, with 5.0Ghz all core overclock(standard all core is like 4.3Ghz I believe). Under a stress test my cpu temps do peak around 80C, though all my gaming loads have peaked temps around 50-60C.The only hitch I had ordering this processor from Dealzone distributorswas that the package was sent with “signature required” upon delivery option, and they were unable to change that. I work daylight hours so had a high chance of missing the delivery window. They(the seller) did at least promptly reply even though it was a holiday weekend. I ended up making a fedex account to change the delivery to “pick up at local fedex location” instead of delivery to my home because of the signature requirement.
Paired with an Asus TUF z490 chipset & Corsair CAS14 DDR4-3200 I can push mine to 5.2ghz with stability. UFO 120% on Userbench. Fantastic CPU.
Can’t wait to start using it!
Works well for gaming or anything I have tried to do with it, only thing is that when you're locking the CPU to the Motherboard it gets very tight just don't worry about you breaking it.
Shipped quickly and arrived 5 days early. Was hesitant to purchase from some random seller but it arrived bubble wrapped in a box, then bubble wrapped again inside a second box. The outside box had clearly been kicked around during shipping but the product box was completely undamaged. Box still had intel factory sealGreat gaming CPU and running 4.9 all core OC at 1.34v under full load. 5.0 was running 1.38v which was a little high for my taste on a brand new chip
Easy to install, OC'd to 4.5ghz right away on stock volts with new Asus mobo.What's not to love?
Great upgrade from a 3930k it handles anything I throw at it and keeps around 22 c around idle and heavy work load 45 to 50c
