I was blown away. This little guy outperforms core i5s and even beat my friend's r5 2600 in some scenarios. The package took a while to arrive but that is to be expected since it (was) rarely even in stock.
Excellent budget CPU. Works fine and the cooler is more than enough to keep it cool.
I love ryzen b/c they are affordable and the cpu fans are really nice compared to intel lol. I hope they can make even a more affordable cpu in the future so I can build more budget gaming pcs. Great product overall
Love it. I had my doubts, but for a starter gaming build, works very good!
We have placed these CPUs in several systems, and have been under-whelmed with the performance in each case.We found this surprising, as most of AMD's Ryzen line have been at the top of the price/performance heap.The 3100s (for the price we find them at) are not an option for us...Going forward.
Es una compra genial, este procesador da un gran rendimiento, la 3ra generación de ryzen me ha dejado sorprendido. En juegos me va excelente con una gtx1650 súper, jugando títulos aaa superando los 60fps y gráficos ultra. El disipador de stock es suficiente para el , claro que si deseas tener menos temperatura dentro de tu caja si sería bueno ir por un fan cooler más potente, más adelante lo haré.Adicionalmente puedes overclokear y darle más velocidad, aunque en lo personal estoy conforme con que alcanze fácil los 3.9ghz que funciona excelente.Nota: ten en cuenta que al no ser una APU, vas a necesitar una tarjeta gráfica si o si.
Good CPU
Works great no problems at all with it!I will be looking to up grade but for now, it works great for what I'm doing.
Es un buen procesador, aunque no lo exijo mucho como para dar una buena opinión pero en mi uso diario es rápido, maneja temperaturas bajas con refrigeraciones por aire y más aun con refrigeraciones liquidas.
I was looking for the 3300x but the supply was pretty limited and got this instead for now. It's very impressive for the price and performance it shows. I might upgrade to the 3rd gen Ryzen, but will have to wait and see if it also offers a value CPU and the Big Navi as well. I already have the rest of the required components, just have to wait for the upcoming AMD CPU and GPU.
