Awesome for gaming it was my first gaming pc build and works amazing easy to install love it not overclocking it I'm only using about 50% on games like gta v
it is really good for gaming it never studders and it's really smooth
After paying about $150 the box was dammaged do the store these boxes with cats? Idk sure hell looks like they do! Lol 😆Most Important DOSE IT WORK? THATS A HELL YES IT WORKS. NEW CPU N COOLER ALSO GOOD TEMPS GET A TUBE OF MX4 THERMAL COMPOUND ITS GOT GOOD TEMPS ABBOUT 56C not bad for free heatsinka lot cooler than Intel for sure! Take it from me Recommend
Love this CPU, finally saved up enough for a CPU that could handles games well, had to swap out mobo, ram, installed an M.2 ssd etc ,pc boot super fast, but the price was worth it, no stuttering during game play, just loving it thus far.
Wonderful, it works well, its fast, and you can overclock it to around 3.9 - 3.95 GHZ with 1.1375 Volts.
Great cpu better then intel i7 and is cheaper the i7 is supposed to be a high end cpu this one is better than that
Excellent CPU for the price.Great for a gamer "Budget" build, it will handle all AAA modern games paired w/ a good CPU.I just built my Rig almost a month ago and couldnt be happier. Paired w/ a GTX 1070 SC, Auros B450M mobo and Vengeance LPX 3200mhz 2x 8GB ram (16 total) I am able to run all my favorite games (RDR2, Witcher 3, Warzone, Rainbow Six Siege, Fall Out 4 and 76 and WoW ) all on ultra or ultra/high settings at 60+ FPS no problem.I also heard this CPU is great for streaming and most work stations as well, definitely recommend it to anyone building their first rig or upgrading their current PC! Best of of all AMD is really out doing themselves and are making most of their Mobo's backwards compatible w/ this gen of cpu's and future cpu's!Edit- While I highly recommend this CPU, the 2600x is slightly better and only roughly $20 more so if u can afford maybe get the 2600x otherwise this gem will treat u well and do anything u ask of it!
It good
make sure you get this on sale, its 3 generations behind and if you buy for more than 150 you were ripped off
Been in my comp I think a year and a half and no problems at all.
