I likeit
This is the second Ryzen 7 2700x that I've purchased for a build. The processor is incredibly fast, very stable and the stock heatsink keeps the CPU nice and cool. I've always preferred AMD over Intel, and now they are really stepping up their game with a workhorse at a great value.I will probably buy a third for a third build.
Great as always. Thanks AMD.
got this for upgrade-ability.. dont see a need to go faster when i rebuild my computer again later this year ( want a full sized ATX board and much better graphics card ).. the better graphics cards take most of the load off your CPU anymore.. so the "best of the best" really isnt needed, unless you are crushing quantum physics algorithms by the truckload daily. even serious gamers, would be able to use this processor TODAY.. which is almost a year later since i bought it.quality memory, motherboard, and graphics cards, have made the genuine NEED for the most monster up to date CPU just not a reality anymore.super -techy-phobes aside.. thats just the real-world usage of CPUs these days.. u DO want a high performing one.. u just dont need to go broke getting the latest greatest.. you wont see or use, all its abilities.. so dont get talked into spending up to twice as much ( ok, 3 or 4 times as much even ) for a CPU you just DONT NEED and will never get the use and value out of..
In the old days, people bought Intel CPUs if they could afford them, and AMD was an also-ran you would buy only if you didn't have the cash for Intel.Boy have the tables turned with Ryzen CPUs.They are now faster, more reliable, and cheaper than Intel for comparable performance.If you are hesitant to buy AMD because you always believed Intel is better, try a Ryzen - you won't regret it.This specific CPU is 2 years old now.I bought it when it was new and paid $320 on Amazon for it.Now it's $220 because there are newer CPUs.If you can afford the $300-$400 price range there are faster (newer) Ryzens I would buy, but if you are on a budget you will NOT be disappointed with this chip. I use it in my Plex Media Server and even with 4 clients streaming 1080P video (3 of them transcoding video and audio on the fly) plus 2 shows recording on its DVR, this CPU rarely breaks 50% utilization.Though it was designed as a desktop CPU, it actually makes a great server CPU because of its stability, which is further improved because it supports ECC RAM.In 2 years of usage, it has never crashed.My uptimes are measured in months, with restarts only when an OS update requires it.Highly recommend AMD and Ryzen, will definitely buy again.
Grandson ordered and likes
Stays cool during gamer because of the awesome looking cooler. 8 cores for 213 dollars is great value way better than intel. Gaming performance is super good for only 213 dollars just amazed
very sad to see i got a box that was damaged and with the stuff inside all loose and moving
Excelente
As someone who is new to upgrading and tinkering with a PC I bought this processor because it was the highest that I could go for the board I own. Never really checked how hot my last one got, which was a Ryzen 3 1200. This one idles between 38-43 and gets at low 50-60 when being used heavily. Really nice change while I'm in the process of switching all of my low end parts out. Do beware that if you have an old board that doesn't come with mounting brackets that you will need to purchase them separately. Wasn't aware they didn't come with the processor and had to wait a few more days to get those delivered.
