System works great. Cool little unit. Works great for email and online training.
It is slow but picture is ok. Still not all functions and I think a laptop would have been better. Not sure of a benefit
I ordered this product for my nephew in March. He doesn't live in the same state as me and because of covid I didn't get to see him until October. He took it home with him when they went back home this month. His father set it up for him and it worked fine. The next day the thing wont even turn on anymore. Nothing else plugged into the same surge protection strip was effected (xbox one, Playstation, TV, and Alexa. So it wasn't anything like that. They've tried many outlets and nothing. Of course it's been so long that I cant do anything about it as far as returning or getting a refund. So I basically just paid for nothing. I would not suggest purchasing this product!
A very slow product. Wouldn’t recommend it
Loved this product! It works great and I purchased it just to connect to our home network and display pictures downstairs. Much better than using a dedicated picture frame! I actually returned it and bought the upgraded model with double the memory, as after updating Windows updates, the 32 gig one was low on memory.
Definitely just for videos and non gaming
The actual product name is "T3 MRD"This computer is possibly made by ACEPC ELECTRONICS LLC ??The Bios is American Megatrends 5.11 7/2/2020They call themselves ZYPC-US on AmazonThere is no website url in the manual.This uses a 4mm x 1.7 center positive 2.5A power adapeter ( a bit undersized? )The BIOS does not list the manufacture (dmidecode returns Manufacturer: Not Specified)There is no complete specification list - (like what you would need for a replacement wall adapter).No place to download an updated BIOS if there is a security problem.The pattern above is a bad thing.The seller has obscured what product they are selling - provides no support web site.
Well. It's a PC. I bought it to do a little extremely light downloading and it's useless. The memory can't be upgraded to, say, 8GB. The machine is so abhorrently slow that it makes me sick. I'm sure a Linux distro on this PC would work fine, but I just wanna watch a movie, not wrestle with OSS solutions, searching for the lightest OS ever in the universe, hoping that my Guzila can handle it.
Needed something small to mount to the back of my television for streaming sports and movies. Happy with it so far. I'm currently in the process of figuring out how to load lubuntu onto it, so I can take advantage of a lighter weight OS than Windows. I will update my review when I have done so, but I'm completely new to this so it may be awhile.
This is a great Windows 10 mini pc to do basic stuff
