Very expensive but my compiles are fast and ... done.Looking back I probably could have gotten the fastest SSD and a slightly cheaper CPU.But since this system will last me for 5-10 years, I can work on that in a year or two.
Well balanced great speed.Average Heat of the CPU when in idle is 34C and when im doing video work and designing my games it tops out at 50C.No need for liquid cooling.
I built a machine around this processor to render 8K Maya VR. It works as advertised, stable for days on end as if plows through the Maya workload. 32 cores are nice but in retrospect, I wish I had purchased the 64 core version. I also run a very fast Intel i9 machine and this processor beats the i9 for Maya rendering with Arnold renderer.
The best cpu I have ever owned. Super fast and make my work done faster .Without pbo the noctua tr4 sp3 u14 cooler can keep this cpu under 70c with load nicely
Make sure to use Honey or Camelcamelcamel to watch for lowest price. This is the best of the 3rd-gen Threadrippers. 3990x is too expensive for the extra cores and the other ones are underpowered for their price.
I use this for my workstation and have a custom loop with proper cooling. Temps under idle sit around 34c and under load haven't gotten higher than 64c for me. This keeps the processer boosting higher at 4.6 on all cores than the advertised 3.7 and saves me a bunch of time in my work as a creator allowing me to improve my work and iterate many times faster than I could ever before.
Been using this 3970x for over 4 months.Using Noctua NH-U14S TR4-SP3 air cooler with 2 fans and it is rare that temps get above 81 C, generally low 70's for most of my work.I do a ton of CAD, meshing, and CFD with this working away sometimes for several days 24/7 and it has never skipped a beat.The build it is in has been workstation reliable.Compared to an Epyc, these new Threadrippers clock higher, but they lack L3 cache to some Epyc versions, and of course, 256 GB RAM is about it whereas Epyc's have motherboards that can take between 1 and 2 TB, which is a necessity for some types of engineering codes like CFD of large models.However, it's still hard to beat the workstation-like reliability and processing power that these new Threadrippers have, provided the memory and cache aren't limiting factors.
If you build gaming computers, as I do, then you will have to use AMD Thread Ripper CPUs, because there isn't anything out there that can compete with them, as of now.They are very expensive I know, but if you want to play, then you better be ready to PAY!
Bought mines from micro-center.It runs my minecraft server pretty well, however I don't think the max limit of 256GB RAM is enough.Should have gone with Epyc so I can have 2TB of dedicated RAM.On a serious note though, with the 32 cores and 64 threads and 256GB of RAM is more than enough in my use case, I am able to run multiple virtual machines at high performance via QEMU/ KVM.Some vms I run simultaneously include a 2x windows gaming machine using pci-e passthrough, FreeNas, Apache Guacamole, MineOS, PopOS, ReverseProxy, NextCloud, OpenVPN, PFSense, Email-Server, Android Emulator, and a Test Website.All without breaking a sweat.The only issue I've come across is with nested vm with hyper-v enabled in a windows guest.I am not sure if this issue is due the hypervisor enlightenment not being entirely functional for qemu with AMD since I have not attempted to use ESXi or Xen.I can definitely recommend for a homelab hobbyist use case.
Great Cpu would buy over intel at this price point. Your dollar goes much further. R20 scores around 17k. Runs every piece of 3D software I use on a daily basis.
