This is a nice little nuc it performed well with windows however if you want to use it for Sophos firewall I could not after trying multiple ways get it to boot or install Sophos firewall software so I ended up having to return it.
For the very reason I bought it, and that's to serve as my kids room PC, it performs superbly. It's fast enough. Will even play Xbox PC games without a nary of complaint. It does warm up and the fans run when it's being stressed (even using the silent profile).My only complaint about it is that I could not turn on Windows 10 Memory Core Isolation mode because it comes with two Logitech drivers I can't remove and those drivers are incompatible with isolation mode.
Easy to assemble (you need to buy your own RAM and SSD). Works flawlessly for its purpose.
I've had my i3 NUC in service for a few weeks now acting as an always on docker server.I have it outfitted with 16GB of Crucial RAM and a 256GB Sabrent NVME drive (also purchased on Amazon, it doesn't come with RAM or an SSD by design!).Performance and stability has been perfect and its inaudible 99% of the time in a normal home environment, however I am not fully pushing it to its limit so far.Overall I'm not sure I needed a 10th gen i3 NUC, I probably could've gotten away with an older model, but its a solid box for a good price.I would recommend.
I used to have an nuc5 i3 version to connect with my TV. I'm not looking for powerful machine, just some laptop to help me download some movie and streaming YouTube with browser. This one works prefect for me. You need to know what you are looking for. The only complaint is the cable is chunky compare to the little machine. If they could make it like Mac. it will be perfect
Amazing little computer!Being used as a web server and is only drawing 15 watts.Case is also cool with no detectable heat.
this nuc is easy to setup and install drive and memory in couple of minutes. performance was very good using 8GB ram and ssd drive. Only issue was flickering with 4k monitor that you can only correct by unplugging and replugging hdmi cable. it occurs on windows 10 when it changes graphic modes at boot. Also does not go into sleep correctly which also is most likely due to video driver issue. All windows drivers were installed from clean install of most current windows 10 and corresponded to the drivers intel has posted on their download site for these units. Apart from that these units work really well.
Using it for a Ubuntu server, its quiet, speedy for its size, takes up little room in my basement.
