It’s a good CPU but you can buy an Amd ryzen 5 3600 for just about 20 dollars more but quite a lot more performance
This CPU is perfect for everyday use and some good light gaming. Old games runs PERFECTLY at high settings (Provided you have a decent GPU) for newer games it gets the job done, just dont expect 60fps smooth on something like Control or Horizon Zero Dawn.
No onboard video on this CPU so you probably will need a video card. Nice speed and good price
Kind of a trash processor. I wouldn’t waste money on it now with the new Gen AMD out.
Average quality for games
Don’t buy if you plan to game this bottlenecked my rx 560 and my rx 570 with no other applications running in the background even with the lowest possible settings. But this cpu is great to browse and do simple tasks.
This little processor is definitely a bang for for your buckI see this CPU as the starter to go to, if not go for the Ryzen 3 1300x as you’d get a bit more power for just 20 dollars more, and trust me this processor could use a bit more power so you wouldn’t be missing out if you went ahead with the 1300xBut what you’re getting with the 1200 is not only the power needed to play some great games, but you’re also getting a processor that frankly in my experience, doesn’t have any issues with heat unless there’s something technically wrong underneath, and not to mention this is only around 100 dollars??100 dollars?? Next to a 60 dollar case, 250Dollar GPU, 80 dollar PSU, and various technical things like fans and ram, this is definitely a budget friendly CPU that gets you into that pc market. Just don’t expect to play anything too physically demanding.On BeamNG drive I can spawn about 4 vehicles before frames start to dive.Stormworks can play on low settings relatively well as of writing this review!And while I’ve seen reviews stating this processor can 60fps GTA 5, I’m here to say in my experience it doesn’t, it’ll get around 40-50 in city. Maybe 60 out of the city with minimal chaos, and that’s on medium graphic settings which kinda bummed me out a bit as I had read this processor could do well on there, however my gpu could be to blame.ANYWAY, I think this CPU is the perfect price for the performance, it’s also overclockable however I have not done so myself as my motherboard doesn’t support it.Be wise in pairing this with a good GPU as the processor is definitely weak without one to help back it up.
Good for it's price
I bought this cpu in 2017 and it is still working but as of now im starting to have problems with it. it worked great until it started overheating and decreasing in performance. This cpu would be a great temporary am4 socket cpu, but dont count on it for more than a couple years.
Works for me
