Awful instructions and screws strip easily on the back and ruin the back plate. Couldn't get it to sit properly. Cheap metal. Spend an extra $10 and get corsair.
Piece of trash come in broken with water all in side the box from leaking
The product was damaged before packaging while the box from outside was in good condition.
Installed on new build MSI B450 Max Wifi booting up with overheat right from the Bios.First the MB CPU fan has 4 pins connector and the TT Floe Ring has 3 pins connector I believe that's is the problems cost Ryzen 5 CPU overheat.Reinstall stock CPU cooling fan works just fine.
Works wonderful, had no problems.
I've been using this cooler for about a year and havent really had any issues. Fans are super quiet. No issues with cooling that I've seen. RGB looks beautiful.Only problem I had was the original packaging. Had to get a replacement right out of the box because the radiator fins were bent by the CPU mount. If the manufacture were to redesign their packaging to better seperate the radiator from the mount I'd have no complaints.
The TH120 and TH240 come with cables for use with RGB-compatible motherboards and a very basic three-button controller for use without. The controller is quite limited in terms of effects and color options and requires installation somewhere you can actually get to it.If you lack an RGB-compatible motherboard or dislike the proprietary RGB software your motherboard uses, it's possible to use the provided "E" motherboard cable with standalone 5V RGB controllers like the ROG Terminal or Zalman Z-SYNC, providing software control via a much more common USB header.
Dropped my son's CPU temp by 30 degrees celcius.Full load is now less than idle temp before.
This product is silent and cools my EVGA 2070 Super Black perfectly. In an ITX case, it keeps it below 62c with no pump rattle.
RGB lights on pump stopped working correctly after 2 months.RMA the first cooler and they sent me a refurbished cooler with the same issue.Complaints all over their forums about this issue.Will never buy a thermaltake product again.
