Dope cpu. Helps computer handle many tasks for the programs I run.
easy to install, cooler is great.Paired this with my newest computer build, Darn good choice.
So, I bought this CPU for gaming and it came with a code for Assassin's Creed Valhalla. I tried to redeem the code BEFORE the game came out and they told me that the promotion was over and the code was void. This was not made very clear that the promotion ENDED BEFORE THE RELEASE OF THE GAME. Leaving a one star review because of poor business practices.
Have always been an AMD fan. They don't disappoint.
La verdad muy buen servicio, el procesador cumplio todas mis espectativas y en cuando a la entreg, llego super rapido la verdad ni lo esperaba y me llego antes 10/10
I have 0 complaints about this processor outside of the fact that AMD is STILL using PINS to socket their CPUs in 2020.One minor incident almost caused me to lose my ~380$ chip.(I blame the motherboard for letting the CPU go with the heat sink) - nonetheless if it were plates like Intel's, it wouldn't have been an issue regardless.
Very good, easy install, delivery in time
I recently decided to buy this cpu for a decent upgrade from a 1500X. The first 3800X I received came with a number of pins bent. The shipping package did not show any signs of damage and looked like it was a defective unit from the factory, so I decided to return the cpu to Amazon. I got a replacement in two days, so all was good.The CPU runs great, it is massive improvement over my old 1500X. I'm getting 5040 multicore and 506 singlecore on Cinebench R20. The unit I have can boost up to 4.5 with no issues other than temps. Temps with the stock cooler are horrible. They would sit at 55C at idle and would peak to 80C on a light load at a 74C ambient. With an aftermarket cooler (ArticFreezer 33 esports) it idles at 49-52C and peaks at 79C. Literally doubled my fps in Fallout 4's city areas due to the CPU bottleneck disappearing.However,A few days ago, I received an email from Amazon's Fulfillment/Buyer Returns stating I did not send the correct item back. That due to a "weight discrepancy" I would need to send the correct item back or I would be charged the $340 and tax if I don't return the item. I asked Amazon's customer service if they could look into the matter more closely and they have not been useful in anyway. I asked them if they could send back the package they received but they said it has already been disposed of.How am I supposed to prove that the correct item was sent? If UPS accidentally packed the wrong item as mine own or the fulfillment center misplaced the item, why am I the one to be punished? Without any evidence other than the shipping receipt, I have no way to prove that the correct item was sent. I had to personally ask the UPS location I dropped off the defective unit if they could give me video footage of myself handing them the item. Hopefully UPS can give me the footage I asked for. If not, I'm gonna be forced to pay the $360 the CPU cost me.Again, if you buy this item from Amazon you may end up paying double like me if you decide to return it to them for a replacement.
Not sure what to add here that can't be found from more reputable tech sites so I'll keep it simple.This is the first time I've put together my own PC and installing the CPU was simple.Had an X570 Motherboard so everything fit perfectly in place including the heatsink.Plenty of thermal past was already applied so no need to get extra.Performance is great but like I said read actual benchmarks and such elsewhere.Very happy with the purchase.
Get this
