I used this CPU in my mini ITX build for my living room Computer. It's a light gaming and streaming box, I haven't run into any issues yet and i would recommend this for someone trying to get the bare minimum at a decent value. Paired it with an RX 480 i got second hand for 50 bucks and works like a champ at most games at 1080.
Used in budget build paired with a 1650 super. Great performance for the money.
The fact that it didn't come with integrated graphics created a lot of problems for me while assembling this PC. I would recommend to just save yourself the trouble and get a CPU with that included. If you are having trouble displaying BIOS because of this, we solved the problem by connecting a really old cheap GPU to the computer instead of the advanced one we needed to install drivers for
I wanted to build a budget gaming machine so I paired this i3 with a GTX 1650. PC bottleneck calculator said these two should work just perfectly together. Well there are a lot of games out there that areprocessor heavy, so even though the GPU could render the graphics with great detail, this processor wasn't strong enough to maintain 60fps on 1080 across the board. I feel like my graphics card has more to offer me then this processor can handle. Most games run great! It just struggles with the more demanding titles... They still run though. Some games don't run very great, but playable.
It lags my discord calls when I'm gaming. I started to lag everything when I start gaming. It also messed up my mouse programs. I could have just gotten a bad CPU but I recommend getting an i5 or up
Excelente de entrada al mundo gaming.
I know Blizzard would disagree with me, but this I3 is running World of Warcraft pre-launch Shadowlands right now, on full parameters in the game, without any problems. I think it is because of the 4 cores and the CPU speed, which we didn't overclock.10-22-20
Si ha tienes una gráfica así sea básica por el precio este procesador es ideal para el día día en un uso básico incluso en gaming de entry level. Creo que es lo ideal para un PC Gaming de bajo presupuesto
Solid CPU for pfsense or HTPC as long as you have a GPU because this does not include an integrated one. I'd suggest pairing with a GTX 710 if you're just looking for connections.
Probably the greatest CPU/Motherboard combo you can buy on Amazon for the price. Get yourself a good graphics card like a GTX 1650 Super and you'll get over 120+ fps in games
