i bought this cpu to upgrade my comupter because my motherboard won't allow overclocking a cpu. to which it has so far worked very nicely . as for the no rating with regard to gaming......i am not a "gamer" , so i put no rating there.
Honestly if your looking for a budget build look no further! This CPU has only minor differences than the newer 5 3600 and its alot cheaper! Honestly very happy with it! Have this installed in a Asus Rog Strix B450-f motherboard and didn't even have to update the bios! Did not feel the need to overlook and go through all the watercooling and worrying about heat. If you want a nice budget build grab that Asus board, this CPU, and a Sapphire Radeon 580X and start gaming. I did a complete build for 550 case and all and for 1080 gaming you can't beat it, especially for just a plug and play build!
Put this is my partners gaming rig. They use it avidly and it is holding up nicely, comes with a "free" cooler and is definitely a great buy for the midrange gamer.
Obviously its a decent computer component not top of the line not bottom smack dab in the middle. But what im here to say is if you buy it from the seller WAYFURB INC it may come a tiny bit more delayed than expected. they have fantastic costumer support and offered me assistance refunds etc. they are just starting i guess and have a lot of orders to fulfill. If you need it fast get a different seller. I didnt need it fast so it is fine by me
Opened the shipping package to find a damaged box, with a receipt written in a language we could not read. Found that the item was corroded/damaged, and likely would not have even turned on, let alone lasted any amount of time.
I got this CPU for my kids' gaming PC. I paired it up with 16gb of ram @ 3000mhz and everything holds up and plays well. It's perfect for playing at 1080p in Ultra settings. My kids do Fortnite, Rocket League, Fall Guys and other silly games that are out there and so far this CPU is working perfectly. It does get a little toasty but nothing crazy or extremely hot that will cause it to fail or crash. I recommend this if you're into 1080p gaming. If you want to play in 1444, 2K, 4K or whatever K then look somewhere else. You get what you pay for and so far this CPU has not let us down
It's really good for editing but for gaming I would recommend the ryzen 3000 and 5000 series
The 2600x is a very good processor that comes with a good cooler. I recommend it if you don’t plan on buying a third party cooler, or don’t plan on overclocking. If you do plan on overclocking, then buy a 2600, or another processor but without the letters at the end.
Using it for my new mid range build and it's fantastic!
Best upgrade I've could made to my PC, now it runs every game on my colection
