Great cpu
If it wasn’t on sale, I wouldn’t get this
Excellent thermals and performance from the Cpu. Very easy to overclock - getting 5.2ghz stable with a 360mm AIO set to exhaust at 80c~ under load. A nice upgrade over my 8700k at 5.0ghz!
Buen rendimiento
Great proc. My asrock board not so much.
Worked awesome
As of now, this CPU is still the fastest clocked and DDR optimized CPU I could buy.I bought this CPU for math applications, photo editing, digital audio applications, and, of course, gaming.I didn't prioritize video rendering and graphic creative applications highly nor was I much interested in onboard video and graphics capability through the CPU.And, important to note, I paid substantially less at the time of my purchase, by about 200 USD less than the 600-plus USD I'm seeing right now.For my uses and the price I paid this CPU is nothing short of eleven stars.However, had I different priorities for the CPU I'd probably have favored the AMD chips.Just a few notes:Buy a well-reviewed MB (I chose a MSI MEG Ace); second, buy a well-reviewed CPU cooler that's been tested with this CPU (I chose the Arctic 280mm AIO); and third, use a PC case that optimizes the cooling choice performance.I wouldn't spend several hundred on a CPU, then opt for cheap key components that facilitate CPU function.And yes, a discrete GPU is necessary for this CPU, but here one can wait for the upgrade and use a currently owned GPU if the budget requires.
This is a beast processor but make sure you have adequate cooling or you will thermal throttle. I was getting throttled trying to hit 5.3Ghz.
This chip is an absolute beast.Pro: Everything you do on your PC will be blazing fast when combined with an ssd. For gaming, this cpu has gotten me over 144 FPS in most 1440p games when combined with a 2080 super.Cons: gets very hot when overclocking even slightly, will require a really good watercooler. Dont expect to reach 5.3 without getting lucky.
Probably one of the most reliable cpus until AMD releases the 5000 series
