Appearance of card: typical CPU appearance.Appearance of included fan: Intel logo, no RGB. Very much looks like a stock fan, nothing special about it.Fit into Mobo: fits perfectly when aligned appropriately into the CPU bay (the dimensions ensure it is placed the correct way). There was a bit of scratched metal when locked into my MoBo, but this is likely more due to my MoBo vs dimensions of the CPU. This did not impact function and was minimal.Included CPU Fan Quality: keeps the CPU cool. No concern with processing when running Half Life Alyx with a Geforce 2060 for hours on end. Fits appropriately into MoboImpact on computer speed/research purposes (for me): going from a 6 year old Asus ROG laptop to this is night and day. Previous algorithms I was running for research took 5 minutes for example to set up all my variables. This was shortened to 1-1.5 months with this item.Impact on gaming, including VR: games lack any stutter, including on intensive games like Half Life Alyx (VR). No stutter at all after hours of use.Comment on memory freq limitation: The max memory speed of 2933 MHz was slower than I would have liked, but has yet to take away from the overall improvement in CPU speed.Verdict: Great product, meets my expectations and goes beyond. While the included fan is nothing special, it does what it has to do and saved me money on buying a separate fan. 5/5 highly recommended product for gamers and researchers.
This 10 generation Intel package includes the fan so putting a system together is very easy.I had the entire system working within 35 minutes of starting.I added a 2TB solid state drive and 32 GB RAM so performance from power on to power off is fantastic.With a good high speed internet connection, everything is faster and switching is instantaneous.I spend very little time waiting for anything to load as well as significantly faster response on all applications, including gaming apps.Even so, most of the time half of the cores are idle or under 10%.Great processor!
Buen producto
Worked great top benchmark
Your browser does not support HTML5 video. So, to be honest I only bought this i9 because I wanted the Asus ROG Maximus XII Formula Motherboard! I really didn't want an i9 because I had bought a Ryzen 9 3950x but after using this processor, motherboard and GPU along with my Samsung G7 Monitor my games are amazing. I did one overclocking bench mark test and was throughly impressed. I kinda like i9 now and I was never a fan before. I recommend it the chip is great!I stream here on Amazon Live at Amazon.com/shop/Atarabyte, I like to build/repair PCs, play games and talk about new tech! If you have any questions about building PCs, tech, high end PCs or building a decent cost efficient PC, come join my stream and chat with me. I love to give advice and help! There's also a list of my entire PC setup on my Amazon page.
I bought this thinking I was getting a 10-900kthis is not the K versionthis processor is a dog compared to the 10 900know I have a 400 fishing sinkerupdateI turned off the power limitsflys good now at 4.8 Ghz all coresspikes to 5.1low heatso I guess im happy with it
Very fast CPU runs everything and also the new games low watts (65w) consume can complain i bought this cpu less then other people comments also you don't need K cpus this have boost frequency up to 5.1hz you can see it on task manager.
On time / early and its true to word an i9 10900k this thing is astoundingly fast i love it!
A very fast processor, and actually much more cooler than my old i7-3770, even under the high load.I read all the reviews about it being hot and wattage-consuming. This is simply not true. With Radeon RX 590 GPU, Noctua Cooler my 760W PSU never starts spinning its fans.
save your money and wait until major retailers have stock
