After two tries and both computers failed i gave up for a refund. The seller really made a good effort to try and help get the computer working and they deserve consideration for that.Bill
For the price it looked amazing. But I would rather just get a sff optiplex over these or even a wyse.They at least allow some upgrades.All parts on this are soldered on and heat up to uncomfortable state with only a few hours of youtube watching.
Slow wont even stream cbs live out of the box with nothing else loaded wired or wifi sad
Used this to make a music server, started up without a hitch. Sounds great, surprisingly competent little computer, faster than the old desktop it replaced without the heat and fan noise. Just make sure it's fit for purpose.
Excelente servicio
This little pc does the work of a full size and is totally silent. Works great for my zoom conferences and handles everyday computer tasks flawlessly. Perfect pc for limited space or occasional use. Supports all my peripherals and a USB hub.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Super compact mini computer. This is smaller than my hand but does an excellent job.The computer processes quickly.The picture comes through very clear. It comes with Windows 10.Everything was very easy toSet up and start using.
Worked out of the box, Win 10 activated. this is a very small computer that is perfect for small tasks like browsing the internet, email, etc. We have installed at the workplace, so far the PC has been reliable and runs smoothly for what we're asking of it, better than expected.
Help me!!! im scared to go outside because of the pandemic so i ordered this mini pc to help me play emulator games. I cant sleep and im going crazy, this cant be good for my immune system. But its okay because im playing super mario and 007 goldeneye on my mini pc which doesnt make any noise since it doesnt have a fan. And it still runs smooth! I'm afraid to turn it off, im afraid to turn myself off! i want to keep going so i can reach that infamous 152 stars. I want to mr mario go "woo hoo" when i get 152 in hd due to the hdmi. Ive been using my usable K cups, please follow in different review to to keep myself up. Oh and the best part is the memory is plenty for these small emulators. Awesome computer!
