Well i got this bad boy yesterday and installed it last night.... I know this is last years tech BUT I have to say its a freaking monster and yes there newer model is faster by a big % and yes id like to have faster but this CPU is very very impressive... it runs cool and it runs fast, more than fast enough for most people...I went with it + a case and board,to get off my laptop and have a little more power ... this is a big upgrade and lets me do all i was doing on my laptop + have plenty of space ( from a CPU perspective ) to do more ...
I did not get the free game they advertised with it. Pleased with performance. Very disappointed in customer service and false advertising.
Performs great!
I use this for 3d motion work.It's blazing fast... It's hard to imagine what a threadripper would be like, but I don't know that I'd ever need one.If you get this chip, make sure you have all corresponding components that can actually utilize what you'll be getting here (fast memory and drive, fast motherboard, etc)
Amazing silicon, have been running it in my main computer without issues.
AMD has really captured my attention with the quality and power of their chips!
Upgraded from a 7700k and what a difference!This CPU is fast. It can multitask very well. Gaming, video editing and encoding, plus streaming from 1 CPU at the same time.I have yet to push this over 75% usage. No need to overclock.
Its a BEAST!!
I'm a software engineer, and I had already used my "tech budget" from work by getting a $2000 MacBook Pro, but it wasn't unfortunately fast enough for my work. Sometimes an incremental build with clang++/ccache takes more than 15 minutes on it.So, I decided to build a workstation on my own! I googled different CPUs and I chose Ryzen 3950x. The whole setup ended up costing around $1500 because I never play video games, so I only paid like $40 for the graphics card.And this thing is just so fast! Comparing a laptop with a desktop isn't necessarily fair, but 3950x never requires more than 30 seconds for an incremental build which sometimes took 15 minutes on a MBP. A 30-way clean build finishes in 3.5 minutes, which is roughly 7-8 times faster than my MBP because it used to take 20-30 minutes! I never expected that I'd be able to build such a fast machine for much less money! Highly recommended.
llevo 10 años con intel desde pentium hasta i9ahora me pase a amdy me va muy bienrapido en juegos y edicion de videorecomendado
